refactor: Improve wording and fix typos in docs (#63)
chickensoft-games/chickensoft_site: content/docs/logic_blocks/basics/states.mdx

}
```

> We provide an input to the attached logic block, sourced from the handler of our subscribed event, by utilizing the state's `Input<T>()` method. We also implement the input handler for that event, which allows us to return a new state — effectively forcing the logic block to change states when something happens. This pattern is commonly leveraged with logic blocks to create complex reactive behaviors.

Author: I had a hard time understanding the original sentence.

> We provide an input to the attached logic block, sourced from the handler of our subscribed event, by utilizing the state's `Input<T>()` method. We also implement the input handler for that event, which allows us to return a new state — effectively forcing the logic block to change states when something happens. This pattern is commonly leveraged with logic blocks to create complex reactive behaviors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `MyState`'s `OnDataReceived()` event handler uses the built-in `Input<T>()` method to add a `SomethingHappened` input to the logic block the state is attached to. `MyState` also implements the input handler for `SomethingHappened`, which allows us to return a new state — effectively forcing the logic block to change states when the `DataReceived` event occurs. This pattern is commonly leveraged with logic blocks to create complex reactive behaviors.
```
